1.  Difference between slice and splice method of a string

2.  Difference between map and forEach methods of an array

        ```js
        let x = [1, 2, 3]

        // forEach does not return anything and is used to perform operations on each element of the array

        let z = x.forEach((item) => item * 2)

        console.log(x) // [1, 2, 3]

        console.log(z) // undefined


        // Map returns a new array and is used to perform operations on each element of the array

        let y = x.map((item) => item * 2)

        console.log(x) // [1, 2, 3]

        console.log(y) // [2, 4, 6]
        ```

3.  What is array destructuring in JS?

4.  What is the difference between fo...of and for...in loop

5.  What are the callback functions? What is it used for?

6.  What is a higher order function? what is it used for?

7.  What are first class functions?

8.  What are call, apply and bind in JS?

9.  What is the difference between call and apply?

10. What is event delegation in JS?

11. What is the purpose of async/await? How is it different with promises?

12. What is the difference between var, let and const?

13. What is the difference between == and ===?

14. getElementById, getElementByClassName and getElementByTagName

15. Conditional statements in JS

16. Difference between push and concat methods in Array

17. What are named functions and anonymous functions?

18. Arrow functions

19. What is the difference between querySelector() and querySelectorAll()?

20. Difference between innerHTML and textContent

21. Difference between map and object in JS

22. What is an event? How are events triggered?

23. What is event bubbling

24. What are data types in js? What are primitive data types?

25. What are primitive and non primitive data types?

26. What are arrays, functions and objects in JS?

27. What is a scope in JS?

28. What are loops and types of loops?

29. Difference between for, while and do-while loop

30. What is a function expression?

31. What is IIEF function?

32. What are asynchronous operations in JS?

33. What are classes and objects in JS?

34. What is the purpose of this keyword?

35. What is hoisting in JS?

36. What are variables? What is the difference between var, let and const?

37. Difference between null and undefined in JS?

38. What is type coercion is JS?

39. Difference between find() and filter() methods of an array in JS?

40. What is string immutability in JS?

41. What is asynchronous programming in JS?
